New menu structure & lifecycle policies (#474)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/policies.adoc

These policies are from *July 2023*.

== Stackable Data Platform lifecycle policy

NOTE: This policy concerns releases of our platform as a whole and how long and to which extent we support each version.

We do releases of our Stackable Data Platform.
These releases get a name based on the year and month they have been released in (e.g. `23.4`, `23.7`, also called https://calver.org/[CalVer]). This name does not follow Semantic Versioning (https://semver.org/[SemVer]). We may release patches for a release, which then follow the PATCH naming semantics of SemVer (e.g. `23.4.1`) or the _Micro_ name from CalVer. See below for our policy on patches for the SDP.

> We support an SDP release for a specific time after its release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support a SDP release for a specific amount of time after its initial release.
```

I'm not quite sure if `a` or `an` is correct here. Technically `a` is correct, but sounds a little funny in context.

Author: it's about the _sound_ so it'd be "an" here because it's "an _es dee pee_ release". But I like the other stuff!

Reviewer: Yeah, I know. That's why I was a little unsure.

We _will_ release new patch releases of a SDP release (e.g. `23.4.1`) for any issues we deem Critical or High (see definition below) once fixes become available.
We _may_ release new patch releases for other reasons.

=== Maintenance phase

This phase commences after the _Full Support_ phase for the respective SDP version and ends 12 months after general availability of the SDP release.

We _may_ release new patch releases of a SDP release (e.g. `23.4.1`) for any issues we deem Critical or High (see definition below) once fixes become available.
We may release patches for other reasons.

image:maintenance_phase.png[Maintenance Phase]

== Upgrade policy

> Customers are expected to upgrade their SDP environment to the most current supported patch/micro (`23.4.z`) version.

Reviewer: I would just call it patch version. The SemVer spec also uses the term `patch`.

Author: Earlier in the document it is mentioned that CalVer calls this part of the version the "micro" bit: https://calver.org/

That's why patch and micro are mentioned

Reviewer: Ah alright, then it's fine I guess.

> Skipping SDP releases while upgrading is not currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skipping SDP releases while upgrading is currently not supported.
```
